LED behaviour documentation:

Some led functionality is only available through PWM. How does the p5 library deal with this?
Can I have different brightness levels by emulating PWM on a non PWM pin?

Large led:
blink(20) is fast blink, blink(15) is annoying flickr, blink(10) is nearly indistinguishable from on() (same brightness). At lower numbers blink becomes less regular again (might have to do with serial connection?) blink 2 looks less stable than blink 10, but flickr in a similar fashion. blink(1) is even worse.

On smaller led blink any value smaller than 12 looks like constant on, just really slightly less bright.

PWM bin or not does not matter for (blink)
blink(0) == blink() == blink(100)

brightness() makes app crash if not a PWM pin.
Q: Do we support brightness (and force pwm pins) or do we tell people to never use it?

RESEARCH: Which J5 compatible boards have 3 PWM pins? What are their pin numbers?

3,5,6 is really common for PWM (not always)

Pi has only 2 pwm, and they can't be used when using sound. Can try to make software PWM but is less precise, could that work for our project/with J5? Pi runs at 1 Ghz.


---

Kan er nog een script boven dat al de leds (en het board) initialiseerd? Waar dan eenmalig de juiste pins (of juiste browser ids) kunnen worden ingesteld voor led1 2 en 3?
En, ik wil functionaliteit toevoegen. In onze eigen emulator kan dat natuurlijk makkelijk, maar hoe doen we dat met j5 handig?
Bijvoorbeeld wil ik een true/false state voor elke led.



How to terminate loop in handler() ding?
http://johnny-five.io/api/board/

I can't wait to ask random game designers who I vaguely know to design a game for me, which I will promise to make, only to then explain the limits. And of course then tell them that if they are interested they can also program it themselves

Name: 3 lights or 3 leds?


-----
Prachtige dromen:

Discord server to discus game ideas, and build each others concepts

A physical product, at least as beautiful as the works of Love Hulten: https://www.lovehulten.com/
And an epic video to show it off

A documentation so simple that non programmers can program 3l1b games for their very first project

A library of games designed and programmed by people we've never met


---
Physical console:

Hoe krijg je spelregels/spelselectie? 
LCD voor titel
Geprint regelboekje
Draaiknop om te bladeren

Wat is de orientatie van de buttons? Horizontaal, diagonaal? Kun je dat switchen in de browser?

Paul betrekken bij ontwerp?



----
Games:

Action:

Simulation:
security guard sim
Tamagotchi

Racing:
Fast button presses

Gambling:
Roulette
Rock paper scissors

rhyhtm games

Simon says
mini tetris
Flappy bird? Canabalt?
morse chatbot
binary calculator


